## Why learn Christian meditation?

Life is not easy. Life is not always in our control. What we do have control over is how we react to the things that happen. Everyday we are confronted by life challenges. We are always overloading our days with more and more activities and information 24/7. We see bad things happening all over the world, and things rarely go the way we want it to. It's no wonder more and more people feel stressed, depressed, and anxious. The more we learn to trust God and stay present, the more we are able to access God's peace. Christian meditation can provide peace and comfort regardless of our circumstances. If we point our awareness to God's goodness through the Scriptures, we will lead a changed life.

Awareness of God's grace and mercy help us accept our life circumstances. It allows us to have a healthier perspective on life. We no longer play the victim's narrative. When we are aware of what God does for us, we learn to become compassionate to ourselves and to others. As the Jesus mentions: “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” Therefore I will boast all the more gladly of my weaknesses, so that the power of Christ may rest upon me. (2 Corinthians 12:9). We must humble ourselves to hear His will.

For some, the [benefits of Christian meditation](https://testimon.io/christian-meditation-benefits) is life-changing. God's radical love changes people's lives completely. Yet, Christian meditation will feel different for everyone. It will even feel different each day. [Consistency is the key](https://testimon.io/daily-meditation). Christian meditation can improve the quality of life for people who commit. Remember, "Commit your work to the Lord, and your plans will be established." (Proverbs 16:3).

People who meditate on the Bible regularly report heightened levels of peace. They have serenity over their lives, and accept their external circumstances. They are also more compassionate towards others. They are less stressed, frustrated, or depressed. People who have difficulty sleeping say they are able to sleep better. People who suffer from anxiety report reduced anxiety. People also describe having better relationships in their lives. According to the Scriptures, the "fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness, and faithfulness" (Galatians 5:22). Lean on God in your difficulties, and you will bear His fruit. Have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ. The other relationships will follow.
